[master < T589-FL] Add storage modes (#809)
memgraph/docs: docs/reference-guide/transactions.md

 - SNAPSHOT ISOLATION
 - READ COMMITTED
 - READ UNCOMMITTED

> Chaning isolation level is only supported in `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL` mode.
> ## Storage modes
> 
> Memgraph has the option to work in `IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` or `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL`
> storage mode. `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL` is the standard mode on startup.
> 
> `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL` mode offers all mentioned isolation levels and all ACID guarantees.
> `IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` offers no isolation levels and no ACID guarantees. Multiple transactions can write data simultaneously
> to Memgraph. One transaction can therefore see all the changes from other transactions.
> 
> If you want to switch from one mode to the other, there can't be any active transactions. Memgraph will log a warning message 
> if it finds active transactions. During switching modes, no other transactions will take place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only change the isolation level when Memgraph is running in the `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL` mode.

## Storage modes

Memgraph can work in `IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` or `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL`
storage mode. `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL` is the default mode in which Memgraph runs on startup.

`IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL` mode offers all mentioned isolation levels and all ACID guarantees.
`IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` offers no isolation levels and no ACID guarantees. Multiple transactions can write data to Memgraph simultaneously. One transaction can therefore see all the changes from other transactions.

There can't be any active transactions if you want to switch from one mode to another. Memgraph will log a warning message if it finds any active transactions, so set the log level to `WARNING` to see them. No other transactions will take place during the switch between modes.
```
